# Common Rules

## Common Rules - Open-Source Software

### Documentation

Documentation of license conditions and copyright notices in product documentation (ReadMe_OSS).

- When you do not use the ReadMe_OSS generated by your software clearing expert, please make sure you comply with the following requirements regarding the content of the README_OSS:
  - All relevant open-source licenses, copyrights and acknowledgements for distributed code must be contained
  - Licenses marked as "Do Not Use" must not be contained in the ReadMe_OSS
- Use a template that has been reviewed by Legal and do not delete or modify legally relevant content from a README_OSS template (including, but not limited to, the offer for the provision of source code and the permission to reverse engineer).

### Modification of Source Code

Modifications in Source Code (if modifications are permitted).

- Do not change or delete Copyright, patent, trademark, attribution notices or any further legal notices or license texts in any files (e.g. by minification of JavaScript code) - i.e. neither within any source file of the component package nor in any of its documentation files.
- Document all changes and modifications in source code files with copyright notices formatted pursuant to Siemens Norm SN 11108.pdf, e.g. '© Siemens, [YEAR]'.

### Obligations and Risks

- Ensure that your distribution terms which are agreed with Siemens' customers (e.g. standard terms, "AGB", or individual agreements) define that the open source license conditions shall prevail over the Siemens' license conditions with respect to the open source software.
- Do not use any names, trademarks, service marks or product names of the author(s) and/or licensors to endorse or promote products derived from this software component without the prior written consent of the author(s) and/or the owner of such rights.
- Consider for your product/project if you accept the general risk that it cannot be verified whether contributors to open source software are legally permitted to contribute (the code could e.g. belong to his employer, and not the developer). Usually, disclaimers or contribution policies exclude responsibility for contributors even to verify the legal status.

## Common Rules - Commercial Software

### General obligations and restrictions

- As per the applicable copyright law(s), all license rights that are not explicitly granted to Siemens are reserved by the Licensor.
- You must not change or remove copyright, patent, trademark or any further legal notices.
- You must not use any names, trademarks or product names of the copyright owner(s) and/or licensors to endorse or promote products derived from this software component without the prior written consent of the author(s) and/or the owner of such rights.
- You must not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble CS except after prior approval of copyright owner or after written confirmation from your Legal department.
- You must not disclose any confidential information (incl. the terms and/or existence of the license agreement) to an unauthorized third party.
- You must not publish benchmark tests regarding the component.
- Upon termination of a license agreement, your license rights end, and you must cease all use of the component, return or destroy the component (incl. all copies and related material in Siemens' possession). Furthermore, you may be required to certify the deletion/destruction (if required by the licensor).
- You must not assign or transfer the license, the license agreement or the component without the licensor's prior written consent.

### Development obligations and restrictions

- You must ensure that all involved team members and subcontractors comply with all applicable obligations and restrictions of the license agreement (e.g. to keep confidential information non-disclosed, e.g. no unauthorized use of the software).
- You must use a backup copy only to replace a defective original copy.
- You must not use the component or the licensed software to develop an application that competes with the component or the licensed software.
- You must not use a trial, beta or demo version of the component for any other use than for evaluation purposes.

### Distribution obligations and restrictions

- You must not deliver proprietary Source Code except when explicitly mentioned in this Protocol and/or after prior written consent of the copyright owner and/or licensor.
- You must not add commercial license agreements/ contracts to the Readme_OSS file except when explicitly requested.
- You must not subject the component to any kind of Open Source license (in whole or in part).
- You must not create obligations or representations on behalf of the licensor.
- In case, the license allows you to transfer single license rights and/or the entire license agreement, you must bind the recipient/assignee to the license agreement before such transfer and transfer all copies of the component including all parts, material and documents.